what's up boom all right so i'll just
show you this little demonstration i got
the ball going up and down here on this
diving board as i will to animate it and
this here as you note i have to switch
between the two i select the ball make
it bounce side animate the y translate
and then over here on i would have to
come to curvature and i got like a bin
deformation so i can make the ball
bounced on the curvature as it hits but
the problem is I have to keep
alternating between the two so what I
did for my animation I had to rig it so
as the ball bounces along here I you can
see here that there's i created a
balance attribute i add an attribute and
then I rigged I made an expression to
make this bounce influence the board so
as I edited as you can see the numbers
change there it's kind of grayed out so
i might not show up on youtube but it
the numbers change there so i can just
kind of like edit the bounce along edit
the bounce here and as you note i don't
even have to be selectable so i can just
open it up and that's one of the many
little tiny things i do this stuff here
is very very easy to do but the other
stuff that i did is actually incredibly
complex i'm actually made it a machine
let me open it up real fast and i'll
show you a workshop scenes are you
alright so I got this miss go to the
workshop here and i created a control
and all i have to do here is just rotate
the control and where's mine rotate it's
not rotating all right i'll just do it
here so as i rotate it everything else
moves and i had to rig each one of those
setups in order to make it do that so
this kind of stuff is really really
really complex to do too but it's only
so an animator can just grab this
and rotated I'm not crazy and all that
work just just so the animator can go oh
you know I wanted to spend this fast or
that fast and you know if I was given an
assignment i would i would have probably
animated as myself just because it's so
easy because all i do is i just rotate
that just to make all that do what i
wanted to do but uh I guess you know if
it's in other scenes with other items
such as this that had animations like
this then it would there be many many of
these little circles that would do these
kind of things so that's what I'm doing
and in Austin I think so